I'm aware of my
Holly Roddenbery: And what I'm wrestling.
Holly Roddenbery: Maybe what needs to happen.
Holly Roddenbery: By last our talk to you. I love
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: That continued and so
Holly Roddenbery: Saturday morning.
Holly Roddenbery: Friday morning thing of this past week.
Holly Roddenbery: And it was really hard because I was really wrestling with, am I allowing him to die by not doing anything and
Holly Roddenbery: I'm going to just kind of wrestling where those boundaries or
Holly Roddenbery: For
Holly Roddenbery: What my responsibility is and
Holly Roddenbery: I refrained from having any interaction with him. I wished him. Well, every day, said my prayers forum.
Holly Roddenbery: But on, I think it was
Holly Roddenbery: Saturday. I can't remember if it was Friday or Saturday.
Holly Roddenbery: He reached out kid went out for a walk, and then said that
Holly Roddenbery: sent me a text message. Assuming that I was like watching where he was going, since we had each other on find our friends and said, I, I didn't. I wasn't there, but I didn't go in and he was talking about a liquor store and said that he was really sick and knew what that meant.
Holly Roddenbery: That he was to the point where he couldn't drink anymore.
Holly Roddenbery: Because it was causing liver and stomach problems and that's unfortunate that that can
Holly Roddenbery: Hurt him like it dies. And I also know that a watch, and have seizures and balanced and if I hadn't been there. Then he very well would have lost his life and
Holly Roddenbery: And that's given the PTSD for him drinking is giving me PTSD for his withdrawals. So during those the time of him going through withdrawals whenever I experience the most intense anxiety.
Holly Roddenbery: And my
Holly Roddenbery: Fear of him having a seizure and worry or him.
Holly Roddenbery: cause me to be
Holly Roddenbery: Overly compassionate.
Holly Roddenbery: For me, I went up and took care of them and we tried to do my best to
Holly Roddenbery: Treat him.
Holly Roddenbery: So that he didn't take a get well and not have a seizure, and I stayed with him that night because I know
Holly Roddenbery: That I've watched him.
Holly Roddenbery: Fall asleep and I know his brain patterns, try to work themselves out during that time. And I watched him wake up and have a seizure. So I felt like it would be safe for me to stay up there and that next morning I woke up and I felt myself.
Holly Roddenbery: Repeating a pattern of
Holly Roddenbery: Going back to normal since he was getting back to normal. And I don't know that should be repeat
Holly Roddenbery: Like, there has to be a change in yes he does grow every time and learn new things every time and repair it and make concessions and try to do something different.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: I just know the fight that it takes and I know that there has to be a significant realization, whatever they say in the first step where you realize that you're no longer in control and he does, he did realize that
Holly Roddenbery: And has been thinking on what he needs to do.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Yesterday being Sunday we have kind of a day of rest together and went for a walk and grilled out in the backyard and put some food.
Holly Roddenbery: And just trying to nourish and not too well being.
Holly Roddenbery: But she's still suffering from physical ailments.
Holly Roddenbery: But we did
Holly Roddenbery: We didn't want rain from being part that fasting from our relationship isn't so much in place. Get might need to be
Thinking
Holly Roddenbery: Is I'm still downstairs I did stay the night last night up there.
Holly Roddenbery: But I don't haven't mentioned moving
Holly Roddenbery: In until I know that A is able to
Holly Roddenbery: Demonstrate
Change.
Holly Roddenbery: And I've talked. I talked with them about, you know, the tools that I talked to them about that weren't real life experience and I do feel like I'm about the on warns he has
Holly Roddenbery: Enough to not arena and allow himself to receive
Holly Roddenbery: Advice and words and
Holly Roddenbery: Not felt like I don't want this, and I want to
Holly Roddenbery: Open to
Holly Roddenbery: Hearing my story and things that I've learned and wisdom on that.
Holly Roddenbery: But I don't know that is for the sake with him warning the relationship or if it's because he wants to help himself.
Holly Roddenbery: And I'm having to come to a place where
Holly Roddenbery: I want him to have the help for himself more than I want us to have the relationship
Holly Roddenbery: Sorry, I couldn't hear what you're saying.
Jodi Dumler: It's, it's not you. My kid is asked me how to turn the TV on. I told her.
Jodi Dumler: I viewed it so I you're hearing her knocking ask
Holly Roddenbery: Um,
Holly Roddenbery: But yeah, that book that I mentioned that I was reading boundaries has been really where I've
Holly Roddenbery: Gotten my nourishing
Holly Roddenbery: knowledge and understanding of how to handle this.
Holly Roddenbery: And my readings this morning really spoke to me in that it was talking about. Not that I shouldn't continue to set myself up for hurt or disappointed.
Holly Roddenbery: And that I should wait until it is safe and real patterns of change have been demonstrated before I go back and that many people are quick to trust in the name of forgiveness and not make sure that the other is producing
Holly Roddenbery: Fruit in keeping with repentance.
Holly Roddenbery: And then just reminded me that it's foolish to open myself up or to continue to open myself up and lock emotionally to an abusive or addicted person without seeing true change and forgive but guard my heart until I see sustained change.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, definitely. Sounds like you know what you're trying to do. And so being able to stay with that.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: There's been so many times that this has occurred. And I'm not saying like every weekend. Like I moved up here in July.
Holly Roddenbery: So it hasn't been a four year
Holly Roddenbery: But since July peace rapidly grown and made changes positive changes inside
Holly Roddenbery: Know these situations have happened before I do struggle with the wisdom and most because I do see change and growth and and I do believe in our relationship and makes it
Holly Roddenbery: Hey,
Holly Roddenbery: Can you
Holly Roddenbery: Hear me and see me better now.
Jodi Dumler: Yes, everything you said it was like it slow. And then I tried to like catch it all self up so I caught very little of like the last two minutes.
Holly Roddenbery: On okay sorry yeah I walked into the other room and I think I have worst service over there. I'm closer to my router here.
Holly Roddenbery: By. Yeah, I was just named I guess the most important part was just what I've been reading that book and
Holly Roddenbery: Understanding how to navigate this
Jodi Dumler: And
protect myself.
Holly Roddenbery: And not you know continually set myself up for harm or disappointment, but be supportive, because I do know that I had been a tool or
Holly Roddenbery: Resource for her.
Holly Roddenbery: To help
You
Jodi Dumler: Do
Jodi Dumler: Are you okay with me giving you one tip that I would recommend
Holly Roddenbery: Sure.
Jodi Dumler: I think the biggest thing that just in listening that I think I want to make sure that you you make at least try and encourage in him or allow is just that he seeks out others besides you because you're such a
Jodi Dumler: Okay, easy for you to be the main support.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, that's what I talked to him about yesterday actually
Holly Roddenbery: Was that while I want to be here for you. And I love helping in being here and
Holly Roddenbery: I know that
Holly Roddenbery: My I guess my
Holly Roddenbery: Connection with him as a partner.
Holly Roddenbery: Maybe I guess complicated in this arena. And I think that it would be good for her to seek out help by himself apart from me. It's pretty much that too and
Holly Roddenbery: He understood
Holly Roddenbery: And I did that, I know that I'm bias, right, trying to medication might provide some relief for some help.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: He mentioned Xanax before bed and I was like,
Holly Roddenbery: Be careful about
Holly Roddenbery: Placing the addictive behavior in a different direction.
Holly Roddenbery: That is easy to do that, but not deal with the root.
Holly Roddenbery: By dealing with a ruler. That's what I've been talking
Holly Roddenbery: More about
Holly Roddenbery: And you know guarding your mind.
Holly Roddenbery: Active actively listening to your own thoughts and kicking, point taken them captive kicking them out.
Holly Roddenbery: It's a thought that's going to lead you askew, we're off the right path.
Holly Roddenbery: But
Holly Roddenbery: I don't know, I just, I know that I have to
Holly Roddenbery: Focus on myself.
Holly Roddenbery: But not in a way that I'm swinging too far to the other side and not being compassionate because I'm going to get that he's going to be sensitive to that because that's going to feel like rejection. This time, I know this all too well was have been through it.
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: That's the
Holly Roddenbery: Challenge. We know each other. We're very
Holly Roddenbery: Stubborn
Jodi Dumler: So what do you want think, what are you hoping the next week looks like in terms of you and boundaries and just you know how much time you do or don't spend with him and really thinking
Holly Roddenbery: I want to be intentional about
Holly Roddenbery: Spending time with him because I in the past have been not very intentional about that and I'll allow my work life to
Holly Roddenbery: Take over and
Holly Roddenbery: You know won't take a break to go for a walk or I won't take the break to cook dinner, sit down for dinner.
Holly Roddenbery: I just end up, I guess, trying to bypass the struggles in our relationship get three work.
Holly Roddenbery: And right now I'm behind on work because of worrying and emotion. And so I want to be making sure that I'm getting that work done, but also maintaining a balance and trying to have a health healthier relationship with him.
Jodi Dumler: It sounds like you've decided you really do.
Jodi Dumler: Intend to try and keep this relationship through this just
Jodi Dumler: Living in different settings. So it may not be a constant were together all the time. But it sounds like you've decided you want to maintain the relationship itself because you're actively putting time into it.
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I think that I want to stay down here more though, as far as staying the night
Holly Roddenbery: That's going to be where the challenges.
Jodi Dumler: Have you when you and him have talked about this how I would have you told him on why you decided you know what you're doing. I guess what you guys are doing.
Holly Roddenbery: Well, I've had my belongings. The majority of them down here for two months now.
Holly Roddenbery: And it's been a slow increase of me getting this downstairs stuff which to him can look like a project that I'm very own to but I've
Holly Roddenbery: spoken to him about it that I have intentions are running this homeowner get paid in and told him that I think especially during this time of corn to that having the additional space will be helpful.
Holly Roddenbery: And that I do feel my heart that we need to
Holly Roddenbery: Take time away from each other.
Holly Roddenbery: To work through
Holly Roddenbery: Our own course no issues and how we treat and respect each other and
That
Holly Roddenbery: I think that this needs to be, I don't know when they'll be into it, but I know that we both need to clean house.
Holly Roddenbery: And I've been very open about not wanting to have a relationship if
Holly Roddenbery: If the drinking doesn't come to an end, because he knows that his life is on the line that
Holly Roddenbery: He's been aware of that and I made it clear in terms of anger that
Holly Roddenbery: There is no relationship there is no future, and this is
Holly Roddenbery: It's the drinking doesn't come to an end.
Holly Roddenbery: By think that I need to make that clear that I still feel like that. And now I want to see him.
Holly Roddenbery: reaching out for help.
So,
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, I think being able to articulate that in a one word good in a calm manner is definitely
Jodi Dumler: That can hopefully be heard.
Jodi Dumler: Isn't an emotional reaction. This is something you've thought about
Holly Roddenbery: Last night as
Holly Roddenbery: As we're getting ready for bed talking about how we both slave drive ourselves and part of living a healthy, balanced life and sobriety is taking the time that you need for yourself. So let's
Holly Roddenbery: Say some intelligent person gets it, it's just
Holly Roddenbery: We both have to do the work.
Holly Roddenbery: drop my headphones there.
Jodi Dumler: I'm wondering, I mean you can you can shoot this idea
Jodi Dumler: I'm throwing it out there. Anyway, um,
Jodi Dumler: I think because I think you're in such a
Jodi Dumler: difficult situation in terms of closeness and you know like you started still there. It's like it's a really it's a difficult maneuvering relationship situation where you by yourself.
Jodi Dumler: And so if you can. I really think being able to be extremely structured and like intentional time, like you said, like, Okay, I'm gonna
Jodi Dumler: Do meals with, you know, I'm going to have this time, and I do meals and if he wants to be there will be there if he's not, he's not, you know, and we're, you know, these are the times. I'm giving it we're gonna, I'm gonna go on a walk and he's invited and like very intentional, because otherwise.
Jodi Dumler: You're going to be separate, but you're not. And then it's going to feel like, did we really separate I did we really yeah
Holly Roddenbery: I totally get that. And that's why I
Holly Roddenbery: Think that's what I've realized
Holly Roddenbery: That I do have to bring the intention and as
Jodi Dumler: You said I mean sound like you're trying to make stuff and you're trying to say I want to try this. I want to you know make sure we're doing what we need and I and like we just said you know you don't want to into in two weeks to a month, be like, did I really do.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: You don't want to continue it you know
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, I told him last week that we really did need to
Holly Roddenbery: Break our paths, like break up or take a break.
Holly Roddenbery: Because of the need for
Holly Roddenbery: Time for ourselves and during that time, I, I had a lot of time to myself, but it was aggravated by the worry and anxiety. Is he alive. Is he going to work through this, should I be doing something and so
Holly Roddenbery: I think it would be good for us to
Take
Holly Roddenbery: Intentional time to gather and actually see that through
Holly Roddenbery: But I know that during this time that he probably feels pretty troubled and worried about our relationship. So I also want to give him some security that I'm not just trying to get away from him that I'm really trying to make a space for our relationship to exist in a healthy place.
Holly Roddenbery: So I think
Holly Roddenbery: Expressing that right time and place will be something that I do as well. Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: You guys can almost look at it like
Jodi Dumler: pick back up and a dating capacity, where you times you know where it's like you do and you're not living together.
Jodi Dumler: And so it doesn't have to be a bad thing. You guys just get more intentional time but
Jodi Dumler: You know, you guys can kind of figure out how that looks.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, that came to life.
Jodi Dumler: That doesn't sound scary.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah. Yes. Yes. I think that that is
Holly Roddenbery: Is too true. Well, I just, and I know I just believe the universe's on our side this, but I do know that they will need some
Holly Roddenbery: Some help you today tools.
Holly Roddenbery: To be able to
Holly Roddenbery: Do better, so to say this.
Jodi Dumler: Do you feel like he's
Jodi Dumler: In a place where he's getting ready to seek other support besides just you.
Holly Roddenbery: I don't know.
Holly Roddenbery: I hope
Holly Roddenbery: I think that he has a lot to catch up on right now and
Holly Roddenbery: I hope that that's one of the things that he does during this time of catching up.
Jodi Dumler: Because
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, last week, pretty much just didn't exist forum may as 60 emails per day because of this position, the college
Holly Roddenbery: I think that that right now is this first priority, even before himself.
Holly Roddenbery: So I guess time will tell. What that
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I never knew
Holly Roddenbery: How much this therapy with you all would end up doing for me, which you guys this group has been around for me during
Jodi Dumler: So it's just nice to just have something like, you know,
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I think that that has been probably one of the biggest helps to us is, I feel like he tried to keep a secret. I know about that. And he led me into that.
Holly Roddenbery: And I respected that for a long time. And then so far. I didn't speak up. But once I realized it was affecting me and I couldn't handle it. I had to open up, it became our problem at that point and and as I've opened up that we've gained how
Holly Roddenbery: And
Holly Roddenbery: Also there was, you know, he was forced out and awful about it with the trips to the hospital after seizure.
Holly Roddenbery: Being open with physicians about this.
Holly Roddenbery: Is insurance now is health insurance. He has a nurse who calls me about that and talks to them about co prevention.
Holly Roddenbery: And making sure his life is set up for
Holly Roddenbery: The possibility of that. And I think that that's kind of a rude awakening forum, especially after I researched and found out that alcoholism can lead to
Holly Roddenbery: Seizure is that happen even when you haven't been drinking. They're not going through withdrawals.
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I've only read that one source but
Jodi Dumler: Some people get those
Jodi Dumler: Days yeah I
Jodi Dumler: Can't remember what they're called, but. Mm hmm. Yeah. That is
Holly Roddenbery: This pretty much an alcohol induced, what is it called,
Holly Roddenbery: Epilepsy.
Holly Roddenbery: And I don't want to see that happen.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, I felt like you're giving him as much support as you can and should
Jodi Dumler: Because I think I look at it like anything in a relationship, you need both of you in a relationship need outside help for anything.
Jodi Dumler: Especially if you were to, you know, let's say you stay in this relationship. You guys are together for years.
Jodi Dumler: You know if he does have a relapse. You know, so he's great for years and he has a relapse, it's gonna be hard to tell you because you're his, you know, significant other. He's not going to want to hurt you, it upset you. And so he really needs those outside supports to
Jodi Dumler: encourage him to
Jodi Dumler: Do what he needs to do. And so, you know, because it's really hard to tell that person that you
Jodi Dumler: Live with in London. Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: He needs those
Holly Roddenbery: I think that will be looking for, for sure.
Jodi Dumler: Mm hmm. Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I've watched and
Holly Roddenbery: Do go for a drink and seeing how it's taking effect on
Holly Roddenbery: How he treats me because he knows I'm up against now.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, and
Holly Roddenbery: Past couple
Holly Roddenbery: Is taking the wrong path and just coaching job.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Now,
Holly Roddenbery: That help would be beneficial way.
Holly Roddenbery: No matter where things go the only choice that I have is to
Holly Roddenbery: Name, it's really going to be
Holly Roddenbery: Up to her.
Holly Roddenbery: Either
Jodi Dumler: It's okay once in a while. It's really slow and I lose you. And then you're back. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Some of it I think I got most of it.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, and I, as you know, as he's going through this and if Ps and you are desiring to assist you know I'm sure there's a zillion programs where you are, that he could go to
Jodi Dumler: If he's nervous how people finding out. I don't know what other options there are virtually bright heart does do alcohol treatment.
Jodi Dumler: But the group isn't going to be as you know it's I got that quite as good because most people
Jodi Dumler: Are using our, you know, our are getting location for Suboxone
Jodi Dumler: But the other counselor that you're not seeing
Jodi Dumler: could probably do. I know I have a patient that I see, just for alcohol and I would assume she could do the same.
Holly Roddenbery: Did they do medications like the alcohol.
Holly Roddenbery: That like helps with your
Jodi Dumler: No, I don't know what is still prescribed. I don't know if in Michigan, a change. I knew in Kansas. They just continued the medication that we use to get your people for cravings.
Holly Roddenbery: I have a friend that I speak with and her boyfriend is on a medication.
Jodi Dumler: So you guys must
Do it.
Jodi Dumler: You must still have it open in Michigan and any physician can do it technically I suppose a bright heart doctor cut the most of them just to me it
Jodi Dumler: So I would probably just if he has a physician. He's coming.
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: That route and then do counseling through whoever he feels comfortable. I'm just thinking he probably didn't want people to know whose job and all that.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah yeah
Jodi Dumler: Finding the ring.
Holly Roddenbery: Oh, yeah.
Jodi Dumler: No secure with people that he's not going to like, you know,
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, that was just
Holly Roddenbery: Curious questions, I realized that he has to be the one that reaches out to find that hope and to get set that's something he can do and that is that's on him.
Jodi Dumler: I mentioned, because I knew I thought he probably had some concerns and I don't know what all the options are. So I just let you know I
Jodi Dumler: Think that Rochelle could probably do.
Jodi Dumler: Videos video one on one. If he, at some point, once it. I mean, he probably get put in the group as well just
Jodi Dumler: Because I've had, like I said, I've had a couple of patients once in a while, we have some that are struggling with alcohol, alcoholism, not jumping that are part of group. It just depends. So
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: If he doesn't find one. He likes or is nervous or, you know, kind of thing. Yeah, throwing it out there. Since I'm sure he'll ask you at some point, possibly
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, great.
Jodi Dumler: Advice but okay. So from my perspective as your counselor. My biggest thing I think right now is just, I really want you to be
Jodi Dumler: Straightforward with me on what you want your boundaries to look like because I want to check in with you on a week and see if you're maintaining them.
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: You know, so I want to know what what are you really hoping in this next week.
Jodi Dumler: That you see I need to do with him or with an with me and
Holly Roddenbery: I want to spend at least three nights of next week in my bed down here.
Holly Roddenbery: Okay, and
Holly Roddenbery: I
Holly Roddenbery: Hope that in being intentional with time apart and time together. I hope that happens, and I hope that we're able to
Holly Roddenbery: Have the respect humility, all of the good emotions about that.
Holly Roddenbery: And not be tempted
Holly Roddenbery: To feel jealous or want to display negativity towards each other in it.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, so it sounds like really setting that up with him and trying to do it this week and then if it doesn't happen and we next week we figure out what we do with that.
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: So,
Jodi Dumler: That's how I got where we're at.
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Okay. It sounds like you're feeling like for you emotionally and instability, you're feeling okay this week for you. It's just trying to maneuver their relationship component that's
Holly Roddenbery: Yeah, I don't want to keep returning to my vomit.
Holly Roddenbery: And like I need change. I'm like, kind of person that I cannot live stagnant stagnant Lee. I can't live a stagnant life. And one of the reasons that I'm attracted is because I see the same thing.
Holly Roddenbery: Not stand stagnancy so I hope that that will be a driving force for me as well.
Jodi Dumler: Are you feeling like you're doing in that process. You think you're going to be able to see yourself really flourishing and you know your work and all of that, since you know you. So that was a big
Jodi Dumler: Is a big stress or not, you know, to make sure that's all going like you want, are you kind of seeing yourself progress towards
Jodi Dumler: Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I'm down here, anxiously wanting to get my word.
Jodi Dumler: Good. No, that's good. No it you know it's drawing you in
Jodi Dumler: Okay and I i really think that's the biggest thing. And that's I think that's the point of doing the weekly as we just see like this is a week to week means a day to day, but to see a week is good because you see in a week was able to do it like, you know, I had to be one.
Jodi Dumler: Where it didn't go out, but the rest of time. I really good and we can kind of, you know, progress from how you're doing.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Holly Roddenbery: Thank you. I'm just so thankful that I can be
Holly Roddenbery: Open about everything with
Holly Roddenbery: The good and bad.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, that's the, that's the point of it.
Yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: I gotta work it.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, well I mean everything's like that. And if you have to stick with it. You got decided to stick with it.
Jodi Dumler: And when you don't you know to say because things don't go as well.
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Coming next week, the same time is
Holly Roddenbery: Good, yeah.
Holly Roddenbery: That'd be great.
Jodi Dumler: And I feel like it should be.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, I think it should be good on my end.
Holly Roddenbery: Or it I'm checking my calendar right now.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Holly Roddenbery: Just to make sure.
Holly Roddenbery: Yes. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Perfect. And then, this isn't, this isn't directed at you. But in general, I'm trying, because I used to do this and I fallen off the
Jodi Dumler: Consistency way again if you if you want prayers at the end of group, let me know at the end of this time, let me know. It's something I used to offer, and then I just stopped and I said, I'm going to pick back up again.
Holly Roddenbery: I totally believe in the power of prayer this the reason why I'm alive today, and I know it. So I always appreciate that.
Jodi Dumler: Okay, so we'll close. I will pray and then we'll say
Thank you.
Jodi Dumler: Alright, so do you learn. I just, I thank you for this time with Holly, I thank you that
Jodi Dumler: You're, you're just working things in her life and that you're helping her to to see areas to grow in and also see areas where she's just got
Jodi Dumler: wonderful opportunity and strength and I just ask that you just guide her with wisdom. This week just helping her to know what to do and how to say things and just helping her with time management.
Jodi Dumler: And just discernment of the whole situation and finally I just really asked Lord, your spirit. Give her piece and just helping her to be able to feel calm.
Jodi Dumler: And to just know that you're walking alongside of her and guiding her and then that can just help ease her as she continues to go through each day and just provide
Jodi Dumler: Major relaxation and relief and creativity and all just that can come through your connection with her just thank you so much for your love for us and your son Jesus name we pray amen
Holly Roddenbery: Thank you.
Holly Roddenbery: All of that just sounds delicious.
Jodi Dumler: I will see you
Holly Roddenbery: Thank you so much. I'll see you next week, same time